When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

   When I need to share the repository with other users / co-workers whom may also contributing to the repository.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

I might want to avoid facing conflicts that incur bewteen an updated file at the Github and my local editing file.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

   Fork is a github related operation. User can creat a new 'fork' by 'copying' an existing Github project to his/her own project. For that time onwards, this forked project will be owned by and managed under the new project account. From the new forked project, it can refer back to the original log, but the original project has no idea of what are the new commits made on the fork.
Clone is a remote (GitHub) to local project copy. 
Branch is at Git (local) , creating an alternate path of the commits.
 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

We can compare the local changes to the last known state fo the remote in offline mode. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

 Without a version control system like git / Github. Collaboration may require more planning and each member will be assigned to only working in a specific subset of the programming files. It will be easier, as no conflict will be occurred. But it is harder for team memeber to help each other in terms of debugging or develop work when it is needed.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?
 In this approach, we are resolving all the conflict between my own update to the master befor the pull request. It will reduce the risk of having multiple merge/conflicts session co-existing at the same time.

